[Link](https://youtu.be/sgJc38GiI1M)
-----
Hello! My name is Alexandr and I attend the RSSchool Frontend course. I am 19 years old and I live in Samara. As of now, I study in the Samara National Research University to become a software engineer. 
I am interested in computers since childhood. I could spend all day in front of the screen and never got tired of it. That is one of the reasons why I chose to be close to computers. I always love to learn something new and the frontend course which I attend meets all my expectations and maybe even more. That is also one of the reasons why I chose software development as my career: there is always something new to learn and there are always heights to reach.
 I started to write programms around 3 years ago. As of now, I tried developing Android apps, desktop apps for Windows and web apps. I found for myself that web development has tons of advantages compared to other fields: HTML lanuage is great (you would understand me if you tried to create some layout for Android), there are lots of cool features, plugins, lots of people develop web apps, so if you encounter any problem it's 99% solved in the Internet.
 In the nearest future I would like to master my frontend skills and get to know React framework. It would be perfect if I could become a fullstack developer one day, because my favourite programming language is actually C#, and I would love to develop backend. It is kinda hard for me to write frontend, because it's not that easy to say where you should stop, especially if you don't have some predesigned layout. Backend problems are a lot more simple this way: it's either working or not. Maybe some day I would try data science, because I like math.
There are always projects that I work on. The last one was the Minesweeper game clone as a task at the RSSchool Frontend course. I really wanted to make it look great, so I tried some pixel-art style there, but, as always, it didn't go as expected. There aren't many good ways to create pixel borders, for example, and I think I don't feel this pixel style enough. Well, that is probably the hardest problem for frontend developers: creating beautiful and native UI. As of game algorithms, It wasn't that hard at all: the game itself is relatively easy to write.
Well, that's all I wanted to say. Thank you for your attention, hope you liked the speech. Bye bye!